调整动画系统结构 (#1803)
cocos-creator/creator-docs: en/animation/animation-create.md

![mount clip](./animation-create/mount-clip.png)

> The above briefly describes how to create Animation components and animation clips in the **Animation** panel, for more information about the creation and properties of Animation components, please refer to the [Animation Component Reference](./animation-comp.md). For more information on how to create animation clips, please refer to the end of this article.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The above briefly describes how to create Animation components and animation clips in the **Animation** panel, for more information about the creation and properties of Animation components, please refer to the [Animation Component](./animation-comp.md) documentation. For additional information on how to create animation clips, please refer to the end of this article.
```

> Next, go ahead and click **Enter animation editing mode** to start [edit-animation-clip](edit-animation-clip.md). The newly created empty Animation Clip is displayed in the animation editor as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, click **Enter animation editing mode** to start [edit-animation-clip](edit-animation-clip.md). The newly created empty Animation Clip is displayed in the animation editor as follows:
```
